Desktop wallet: add single signer baker flows (#365)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/desktop-wallet/update-baker-keys.rst

-  Set up an account as a baker account.
-  Set up a Ledger hardware wallet.

Update baker keys (Single-signature account)
============================================

#. Go to **Accounts**, select the account whose baker keys you want to update, change the view to the detailed view, and select **Update baker keys**.

> #. You have to export the baker credentials so that you can restart the node with the new baker keys. Select **Export baker credentials**. If you're on Windows make sure that **All Files** is selected in **Save as type**. Give the file a name and the extension .json, and then click **Save** and navigate to the place on your computer where you want to save the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. You have to export the baker credentials so that you can restart the node with the new baker keys. Select **Export baker credentials**. If you're running Windows make sure that **All Files** is selected in **Save as type**. Give the file a name and the extension .json, and then click **Save** and navigate to the place on your computer where you want to save the file.
```

.. Warning::

>    This is the only time that you can export the credentials. If you’re going to transfer the baker keys to someone else make sure to do so through a secure channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is the only time that you can export the credentials. If you’re going to transfer the baker keys to someone else, make sure to do so through a secure channel.
```

> 3. There's a message saying **Waiting for device. Please connect your Ledger**. Connect the Ledger to the computer and enter your PIN on Ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A message says **Waiting for device. Please connect your Ledger**. Connect the Ledger device to the computer and enter your PIN on the Ledger device.
```

> #. Press the right button to navigate to the **Concordium** app, and then press both buttons to open the app. The Ledger says **Concordium is ready**. Wait for the message in the Desktop Wallet saying **Ledger Nano S is ready** and select **Submit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Press the right button to navigate to the **Concordium** app, and then press both buttons to open the app. The Ledger says **Concordium is ready**. Wait for the message **Ledger Nano S is ready** in the Desktop Wallet and click **Submit**.
```

> #. On the Ledger, there's a message saying **Review transaction**. Verify that the sender account is correct, and navigate to the right. The Ledger says **Update baker keys**. Navigate to the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On the Ledger device, a message says **Review transaction**. Verify that the sender account is correct and navigate to the right. The Ledger device says **Update baker keys**. Navigate to the right.
```

> #. The Ledger says **Sign transaction**. Press both buttons to sign the transaction. The Ledger says **Concordium is ready**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The Ledger device says **Sign transaction**. Press both buttons to sign the transaction. The Ledger device says **Concordium is ready**.
```
